Readme.md, before:

1. To get the latest release binaries go to:

https://github.com/dc42/PanelDueFirmware/releases

2. Instructions for flashing the firmware binary via USB are at:

https://miscsolutions.wordpress.com/paneldue/

(see section "Testing the board and updating the firmware").

3. Customising the splash screen (versions 1.20RC4 and later)

If you wish to display a custom splash screen when PanelDue is powered up, you need to append a compressed version of the splash screen image to the -nologo version of the PanelDue firmware appropriate to your model of PanelDue and screen size.

- First export the image you want to display in 24-bit bitmap (.bmp) format. The width and height in pixels must match exactly the resolution of the TFT panel (480x272 for the 4.3" panel, or 800x480 for the 5" and 7" panels)
- The image must compress sufficiently well to fit in the available flash memory. Images containing large blocks of the same colour compress well.
- Version 1 PanelDue controllers have 128kb flash memory. Version 2 controllers use either a ATSAM3S2B (128kb) chip or a ATSAM3S4B (256kb) chip. Version 3 controllers and the 7i integrated version have 256kb flash memory. If you have a 128kb chip then you will only be able to use a splash screen if you are using the 4.3" panel and the image compresses well.

**To add the splash screen:**

*On Windows:*
- Run this Windows command to compress the image: bmp2c-escher3d.exe myimage.bmp myimage.bin -b -c
- Run this Windows command to append it to the binary: copy /b PanelDue-v3-5.0-nologo.bin+myimage.bin PanelDueFirmware.bin

*On Linux:*
- If you have wine installed you can run this Linux command to compress the image: wine bmp2c-escher3d.exe myimage.bmp myimage.bin -b -c
- Run this Linux command to append it to the binary: cat PanelDue-v3-5.0-nologo.bin myimage.bin > PanelDueFirmware.bin

substituting appropriate filenames. Then:
- Check that the resulting firmware file (PanelDueFirmware.bin in this example) is no larger than the flash memory size
- Install the new PanelDueFirmware.bin file on your PanelDue

Commit message:

First version of H-Series-Pendant-Firmware

Readme.md, after:

# H-Series-Pendant-Firmware
This for of PanelDueFirmware provides a portrait orientation UI (addtionally to
the original UI) optimized for use as a Pendant. Various functions can (only)
be controlled via an encoder wheel.

# Original README

1. To get the latest release binaries go to:

https://github.com/dc42/PanelDueFirmware/releases

2. Instructions for flashing the firmware binary via USB are at:

https://miscsolutions.wordpress.com/paneldue/

(see section "Testing the board and updating the firmware").

3. Customising the splash screen (versions 1.20RC4 and later)

If you wish to display a custom splash screen when PanelDue is powered up, you need to append a compressed version of the splash screen image to the -nologo version of the PanelDue firmware appropriate to your model of PanelDue and screen size.

- First export the image you want to display in 24-bit bitmap (.bmp) format. The width and height in pixels must match exactly the resolution of the TFT panel (480x272 for the 4.3" panel, or 800x480 for the 5" and 7" panels)
- The image must compress sufficiently well to fit in the available flash memory. Images containing large blocks of the same colour compress well.
- Version 1 PanelDue controllers have 128kb flash memory. Version 2 controllers use either a ATSAM3S2B (128kb) chip or a ATSAM3S4B (256kb) chip. Version 3 controllers and the 7i integrated version have 256kb flash memory. If you have a 128kb chip then you will only be able to use a splash screen if you are using the 4.3" panel and the image compresses well.

**To add the splash screen:**

*On Windows:*
- Run this Windows command to compress the image: bmp2c-escher3d.exe myimage.bmp myimage.bin -b -c
- Run this Windows command to append it to the binary: copy /b PanelDue-v3-5.0-nologo.bin+myimage.bin PanelDueFirmware.bin

*On Linux:*
- If you have wine installed you can run this Linux command to compress the image: wine bmp2c-escher3d.exe myimage.bmp myimage.bin -b -c
- Run this Linux command to append it to the binary: cat PanelDue-v3-5.0-nologo.bin myimage.bin > PanelDueFirmware.bin

substituting appropriate filenames. Then:
- Check that the resulting firmware file (PanelDueFirmware.bin in this example) is no larger than the flash memory size
- Install the new PanelDueFirmware.bin file on your PanelDue
